[docs] Update custom Typography variants example (#36185)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/typography/typography.md

**Step 1. Update the theme's typography object**

> Let's add a variant called "poster", and get rid the "h3" variant:

Reviewer: Rephrasing to remove "us" (via "Let's), and to drive home custom vs default.

```suggestion
The code snippet below adds a custom variant to the theme called `poster`, and removes the default `h3` variant:
```

});
```

**Step 2. (Optional) Set the default semantic element for your new variant**

> At this point, you can already use the new `poster` variant, which will render a `<span>` by default with your custom styles. Sometimes you may want to default to a different HTML element for semantic purposes, or to replace the inline `<span>` with a block-level element for styling purposes.

Reviewer: Line break for line-by-line suggestions :)

```suggestion
At this point, you can already use the new `poster` variant, which will render a `<span>` by default with your custom styles. 
Sometimes you may want to default to a different HTML element for semantic purposes, or to replace the inline `<span>` with a block-level element for styling purposes.
```

> To do this we need to update the `variantMapping` prop of the `Typography` globally in the theme:

Reviewer: Try to avoid "we," and instead phrase each step in terms of the action that the reader/user is taking.

```suggestion
To do this, update the `variantMapping` prop of the Typography component globally, at the theme level:
```

});
```

**Step 2. (Optional) Set the default semantic element for your new variant**

At this point, you can already use the new `poster` variant, which will render a `<span>` by default with your custom styles.
Sometimes you may want to default to a different HTML element for semantic purposes, or to replace the inline `<span>` with a block-level element for styling purposes.

To do this, update the `variantMapping` prop of the `Typography` component globally, at the theme level:

```js
const theme = createTheme({
  typography: {
    poster: {
      fontSize: 64,
      color: 'red',
    },
    // Disable h3 variant
    h3: undefined,
  },
  components: {
    MuiTypography: {
      defaultProps: {
        variantMapping: {

>           // we have to provide the default variantMapping first because currently
>           // custom entries will replace this whole object instead of merging
>           h1: 'h1',
>           h2: 'h2',
>           h3: 'h3',
>           h4: 'h4',
>           h5: 'h5',
>           h6: 'h6',
>           subtitle1: 'h6',
>           subtitle2: 'h6',
>           body1: 'p',
>           body2: 'p',
>           inherit: 'p',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

}
```

**Step 4. You can now use the new variant**

{{"demo": "TypographyCustomVariant.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

```jsx
<Typography variant="poster">poster</Typography>;

> /* This variant is no longer supported, if you are using TypeScript it will give an error */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* This variant is no longer supported. If you are using TypeScript it will give an error */
```
